Last hour fixes (#91)
ga4gh/refget: docs/compare_collections.md

1. the value of the `elements.total.a` and `elements.total.b` match, (the collections have the same number of elements).
2. this value is the same as `elements.a_and_b.<attribute>` for all attributes (the content is the same)

> 3. entries in `elements.a_and_b-same-order.<attribute>` may be either all true (indicating the order matches) or all false (indicating the order differs)

Reviewer: I think this is not correct. Here's an example: https://refget.databio.org/comparison/fLf5M0BOIPIqcfbE6R8oYwxsy-PnoV32/JPd9Y-hwnhGD7HPe3yka4Qtx2YsIL8tW

These have order-relaxed identity. the compare function says:

```
    "a_and_b_same_order": {
      "lengths": false,
      "names": false,
      "sequences": false,
      "sorted_name_length_pairs": true
    }
```

So, it is not true that the entries have to be either all true or all false. The original statement that any entries may be true or false is more lenient. Should it say, any **collated attributes** should be either all true or all false? I think uncollated attributes may be either true or false, independently.

Author: Yes, you are right. My point was that if, say, the order of `lenghts` are the same btw a and b, but not `names`, then the data is corrupt and should not fall inside the definition of an `order-relaxed` identity. I think restricting my statement to **collated attributes** as you suggest fixes the issue.

Author: When I suggested this, I believe I hadn't read the caveat at the end yet (Limitations...). With that limitation in mind, i.e. assuming that the "collatedness" of the data is intact, I think the original text is correct.

> 3. entries in `elements.a_and_b-same-order.<attribute>` may be either all true (indicating the order matches) or all false (indicating the order differs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. collated entries in `elements.a_and_b-same-order.<attribute>` may be either all true (indicating the order matches) or all false (indicating the order differs)
```

Author: Just keep the original here.

## Limitation of the comparison function: distinguishing out-of-order from mismatched arrays

> One limitation of the comparison function is that it does comparisons at the level of arrays, not at the level of individual elements. What would the comparison function return for two sequence collections that have the same content, but in different orders, AND where in addition two of the sequences have swapped names?

Reviewer: This correctly is not correct. This example was not about different orders, just about a name swap.

> One limitation of the comparison function is that it does comparisons at the level of arrays, not at the level of individual elements. What would the comparison function return for two sequence collections that have the same content, but in different orders, AND where in addition two of the sequences have swapped names?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One limitation of the comparison function is that it does comparisons at the level of arrays, not at the level of individual elements. What would the comparison function return for two sequence collections that have the same content, but  where two of the sequences have swapped names?
```

Author: Another consequence of changing the example (see https://github.com/ga4gh/refget/pull/91/files/fc9624d21aef1486488fe89e5cfe1f3885848f29#r1969833123)

Because the sequence array would contain the same sequences, the comparison function will count them all as matching.
Similarly, the names arrays contain the same names and so all will be counted as a match.

> However, the same_order will *not* be true; it will yield false for all attributes.

Reviewer: This is again incorrect. Here's an example:

https://refget.databio.org/comparison/fLf5M0BOIPIqcfbE6R8oYwxsy-PnoV32/E6zGtGuc8wKYmCMw5gaLW3ppyXsoO6p4

it does not yield false for all attributes. The lengths and sequences are in the same order.

Reviewer: so it will yield false only for the `names` attribute.

Author: I agree

> However, the same_order will *not* be true; it will yield false for all attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the same_order will *not* necessarily be true; it will yield false for at least one attribute (the `names`).
```

Author: This is another consequence of changing the example slightly

> This is the same output as a comparison of two sequence collections in different orders, without the name swap. This is a fundamental limitation of the array-based method of comparing.

Author: > This is the same output as a comparison of two sequence collections in different orders, without the name swap.

My main problem is with this line. In the example where everything is the same except for a name swap, then the output will NOT be the same as a comparison of two sequence collections in different order. As you mention above, in the main example, only the `same_order` value for the `names` attribute will be `false`. In the comparison of two sequence collections in different orders, all `same_order` values will be `false`!

Reviewer: yes you are right. I think this may be an outdated explanation from before we split the `same_order` into a per-array field.

That removes this particular limitation with the compare function.

In this particular example, these results can be distinguished by the `sorted_name_length_pairs` attribute, because this would yield a perfect match for the second example, where all the pairs are intact but in a different order -- but it would NOT yield a match for the example with swapped names, because the name-length pairs would be different.

> This solves the issue for swapped names, but there is still potential for problems with other arrays or custom attributes. Therefore, we warn users that when the `_same_order` is flagged as false, this *does not imply that the pairs are intact*, and if this is a requirement, further investigation would be necessary. If distinguishing these scenarios is important, one possible solution would be to add another non-inherent array, similar to `sorted_name_length_pairs`, but including *all* attributes for each element rather than just the names and lengths. The comparison function would then immediately provide an answer as to whether the annotated sequence elements match *as units* between two collections.

Author: ```suggestion
This solves the issue for swapped names, but there is still potential for problems with other arrays or custom attributes. Therefore, we warn users that when the `_same_order` is flagged as false, this *does not imply that the pairs are intact*, and if this is a requirement, further investigation would be necessary. If distinguishing these scenarios is important, one possible solution would be to add another non-inherent collated attribute, similar to `sorted_name_length_pairs`, but including *all* collated attributes for each element rather than just the names and lengths. The comparison function would then immediately provide an answer as to whether the annotated sequence elements match *as units* between two collections.
```

My point here was to remove the `inherent` part, but by removing `array` I might this worse in the way that is does not make sense to include non-array attribute elements here. Changing to `collated` attribute fixes this (as collated attributes are also by definition arrays).

In this particular example, these results can be distinguished by the `sorted_name_length_pairs` attribute, because this would yield a perfect match for the second example, where all the pairs are intact but in a different order -- but it would NOT yield a match for the example with swapped names, because the name-length pairs would be different.

> This solves the issue for swapped names, but there is still potential for problems with other arrays or custom attributes. Therefore, we warn users that when the `_same_order` is flagged as false, this *does not imply that the pairs are intact*, and if this is a requirement, further investigation would be necessary. If distinguishing these scenarios is important, one possible solution would be to add another non-inherent collated attribute, similar to `sorted_name_length_pairs`, but including *all* collated attributes for each element rather than just the names and lengths. The comparison function would then immediately provide an answer as to whether the annotated sequence elements match *as units* between two collections.

Reviewer: yes that looks right.
